feat: Linux: drivers: Add initial DM-Timer documentation (#152)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/Kernel/Kernel_Drivers/DM-Timer.rst

      clocks = <&k3_clks 39 2>;
      clock-names = "fck";
      assigned-clocks = <&k3_clks 39 2>;
      assigned-clock-parents = <&k3_clks 39 3>;
      power-domains = <&k3_pds 39 TI_SCI_PD_EXCLUSIVE>;
      ti,timer-pwm;
   };

PWM mode:

The "ti,timer-pwm" DT attribute is required in the timer node in order to use this timer instance
in PWM mode, if the timer supports PWM mode.

An additional DT node is required to enable timer in PWM mode as shown below. The
``main_timer3_pins_default`` is also required and not listed here, use sysconfig tool to get pinumux
configuration.

.. code-block:: dts

   main_pwm3: dmtimer-main-pwm-3 {
      compatible = "ti,omap-dmtimer-pwm";
      #pwm-cells = <3>;
      ti,timers = <&main_timer3>;
      pinctrl-names = "default";
      pinctrl-0 = <&main_timer3_pins_default>;
   };

************
Driver Usage
************

For information on using DM timer in non-PWM mode, please refer to the detailed
descriptions in the TRM ``Timers Functional Description`` and ``Low-Level Programming Models``
under ``Peripherals/Timers Modules/Timers``.

Timers in non-PWM mode should be enabled by default in Linux DT.

> 

Reviewer: sorry but I am was not able to find how to use dm timer in linux kernel. 
Please post some example on usages

Author: To use DM Timer as a counter there are no examples and no customers using the dm timer this way. Once we have information on how customers are expected to use dm timer as a counter, then we can update this doc. This doc does show how to enable PWM output signals and examples on how to enable and use dm timer this way.

.. include:: /replacevars.rst.inc

> 

Reviewer 2: Not required anymore.

########
DM TIMER
########

> .. rubric:: DM Timer Driver Overview

Reviewer 2: Redundant rubric

- This guide covers a general overview on DM Timer.
  It supports timers found on TI's |__PART_FAMILY_NAME__| SoCs.

- Each timer contains a free-running upward counter with autoreload capability on overflow.
  Each timer includes compare logic to allow an interrupt event on a programmable counter
  matching value. A dedicated output signal can be pulsed/toggled on an overflow or a match
  event. This offers time-stamp trigger signaling or PWM signal sources. A dedicated input
  signal can be used to trigger an automatic timer counter capture or an interrupt event on a
  programmable input signal transition.

- Each timer comes with pins that can be used as Timer Capture interrupts
  or as timer PWM outputs.

- For more detailed information on timers, please refer to the:
  Peripherals/Timer Modules/Timers section of the device specific TRM.

> |

Reviewer 2: Do not use these to artificially pad sections. They are naturally separated based on the sphinx builder.

**************
Driver Sources
**************

- Driver source location: :file:`drivers/clocksource/ti,timer-dm.c`

- Binding source location: :file:`Documentation/device-tree/bindings/timer/ti,timer-dm.yaml`

PWM mode:

- Driver source location: :file:`drivers/pwm/pwm-omap-dmtimer.c`

- Binding source location: :file:`Documentation/devicetree/bindings/pwm/pwm-omap-dmtimer.txt`

|

********************
Kernel Configuration
********************

Configs to be enabled in kernel:

.. code-block:: menuconfig

   Device Drivers --->
      -> Clock Source drivers
         -> OMAP dual-mode timer driver (OMAP_DM_TIMER [=y])

PWM mode:

.. code-block:: menuconfig

   Device Drivers --->
      Pulse-Width Modulation (PWM) Support (PWM [=y])
         -> OMAP Dual-Mode Timer PWM support (PWM_OMAP_DMTIMER [=m])

.. rubric:: Device tree configuration example

In this example, we take am62x SK DT node as an example. In general all the timer nodes
should be described in its appropriate domain .dtsi file, for example the following node
can be found in k3-am62-main.dtsi:

.. code-block:: dts

> 	main_timer3: timer@2430000 {

Reviewer 2: mixed indentation

Author: here i used tabs,  most of the doc is in tabs, except the menuconfig code-block I believe.

Reviewer 2: Then this file is in violation of the contribution guidelines. New additions need to follow the [whitespace guidelines](https://github.com/TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#indentation-and-whitespace).

		compatible = "ti,am654-timer";
		reg = <0x00 0x2430000 0x00 0x400>;
		interrupts = <GIC_SPI 123 IRQ_TYPE_LEVEL_HIGH>;
		clocks = <&k3_clks 39 2>;
		clock-names = "fck";
		assigned-clocks = <&k3_clks 39 2>;
		assigned-clock-parents = <&k3_clks 39 3>;
		power-domains = <&k3_pds 39 TI_SCI_PD_EXCLUSIVE>;
		ti,timer-pwm;
	};

PWM mode:

The "ti,timer-pwm" DT attribute is required in the timer node in order to use this timer instance
in PWM mode, if the timer supports PWM mode.

An additional DT node is required to enable timer in PWM mode as shown below. The

> main_timer3_pins_default is also required and not listed here, use sysconfig tool for pinumux
> configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``main_timer3_pins_default`` is also required and not listed here, use sysconfig the tool to get the pinumux configuration.
```

.. code-block:: dts

	main_pwm3: dmtimer-main-pwm-3 {
		compatible = "ti,omap-dmtimer-pwm";
		#pwm-cells = <3>;
		ti,timers = <&main_timer3>;
		pinctrl-names = "default";
		pinctrl-0 = <&main_timer3_pins_default>;
	};

|

************
Driver Usage
************

For information on using DM timer in non-PWM mode, please refer to the detailed

> description in the TRM :file:`Peripherals/Timer Modules/Timers/Timers Functional Description`

Reviewer 2: Are you referencing section depths as a file here? Seems a little intuitive. You could just say "see the Functional Description under the Timer Modules section"

and :file:`Peripherals/Timer Modules/Timers/Low-Level Programming Models`.

Timers in non-PWM mode should be enabled by default in Linux DT.

.. ifconfig:: CONFIG_part_variant in ('AM62X', 'AM62AX', 'AM62PX')

	In MAIN domain:

		- 8 DM timers in MAIN domain

	In MCU domain:

		- 4 DM timers in MCU domain

.. ifconfig:: CONFIG_part_variant in ('AM64X')

	In MAIN domain:

		- 12 DM timers in MAIN domain

	In MCU domain:

		- 4 DM timers in MCU domain

PWM mode

Once the driver is probed, each device is exposed as a PWM device

> by kernel to be used by userspace in /sys/class/pwm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by kernel to be used by userspace in :file:`/sys/class/pwm`.
```
